hey folks machine repeat here well I
sure had fun yesterday August 20th 2013
down in Hamilton Illinois covering
Sullivan auctioneers big summer absolute
consignment sale now one tractor in
particular really caught my eye that
sold exceptionally well here's the
tractor I'm talking about a 1998
Case IH 9334 wheel drive had 4200 hours
on it for hydraulics three-point with
quick hitch big 1000 pto 18 for our 38
tires and axle duals so it's 15 years
old it's used for wheel drive now we
know that late-model four-wheel drive
tractor market has gone a little bit
soft values coming down but what I'm
seeing for a really good condition used
four-wheel drives that are older like
this 15 year old man you 330 still a lot
of demand so let's go to the video and
watch this tractor sell on yesterday's
auction in Hamilton Illinois dark Nepal
the injected lines have been updated and
I can't tell you what number they are
but we had trouble with the line and
they sold me some new newer ones I
didn't remember but the ammeter gauge
don't work and I didn't remember that
that was broke or I'd affixed it than
that
it's been a good tractor my wife said
don't sell it but she divorces me I'll
deal with that
hey Gary Johnson folks at the 102
attractor you talk about a lot of
horsepower you talk about a lot of
horsepower how about an auto Jimmy
three-point PTO how many horse
engineering to board voted here right
off the farm boy you want to bribe
ladies and gentlemen having a diversion
75 20 thousand five twenty five thousand
twenty seven five thirty thousand thirty
to five thirty five times 37 537 544
teeth out of another level forty
thousand thirty eight now nine forty
nine forty thousand forty five thousand
dollars a month about out over there are
forty one thousand forty money boy 41 41
now till 42 42 three 42 right over there
now three I'm at a bit a very internet
dealer 40 30 now 40 4044 patriarch 40 35
44 internet catch up their current age
43 five forty four thousand under 40 35
and over and over to the forty four now
forty four or five now forty five
thousand now 45 minute at 45 45 down 35
44 five over there 45,000 4545 another
there 45 40 now 46,000 Internet
forty-five forty-six thousand 36,000 now
46 five Danny 47,000 Internet yeah 46 5
live is everything 47,000 47 five now
48,000 in are there 48,000 47 another
ohio better
48 by betty 49,000 internet now 49,000
I'm better than eight five nine forty
nine dollars and ninety nine thousand
now forty nine five Danny now for the
Joseph 3000 Internet now fifty thousand
you know about it down fifteen thousand
five hundred fifty thousand five
thousand you got two hundred bitter 20
up to any 51:5
internet bitter chasing your pokey now
fifty two thousand two hundred bitters
now that they did alpha three to 51555
another 5252 value can have fifteen
thousand five dollars that they divided
simply divide any both 50 survived
survivor that they did I do not
$50,000 it or their 50 now 1535 there is
hope 50:35 pokey 1535
now fifty four thousand three hundred
bills again fifty four five fifty four
or five there's Pope a four or five on
the fifty four thousand online now
seventy five thousands of 200 m bitters
55 that be a 55 you get it by now 55 we
got two hundred it ring doing the both
yep and 55 550 56 56 556 now 57,000
Internet 57,000 57 557 557 and FIV two
can have I have one over 450 seven five
three point
PTL 57 557 and 5 to get enough 58,000
Internet mountain now 58 5 now 58 5 58 5
and I don't care for the baby could have
higher than a fifty fifty nine thousand
dollars but they don't now 59 559 559
595 59 5 making both you got to internet
bidders and greg peterson we've been
following on that market all the
distractors heaven which we talked about
it yesterday
now 16,000 out now 60 thousand five
hundred sixty thousand 500 dollars 60
down nobody can find 16,500 only they'll
go online I think we'll be there
visibility of 60 thousand 500 now 61
thousand not now 61 five now 61 bye-bye
61 or now 92 61 561 five and over here
to elicit you can watch the bids out
there Casey 61 by 61 by viddy el61 561
five it's gonna go on the internet
$61,000 a 5 micro there all done 61 5 he
took his hand off the big button anybody
else at 61 5 61508 a betting live in the
ring want to get 61 5 Dennis Pope you
want back in Internet 61,000 hold up
going towards going battle 3075 what
state tell them thank you go to the
great state of Minnesota
gonna drag will Minnesota going to drink